docs: SEP-2243 clarifications for x-mcp-header (#2772)
modelcontextprotocol/modelcontextprotocol: docs/specification/draft/server/tools.mdx

**Constraints on `x-mcp-header` values:**

- **MUST NOT** be empty
- **MUST** match HTTP field-name token syntax (`1*tchar`, [RFC 9110 Section 5.1](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9110#section-5.1))
- **MUST NOT** contain control characters, including carriage return (CR, `\r`) or
  line feed (LF, `\n`)
- **MUST** be case-insensitively unique among all `x-mcp-header` values in the
  `inputSchema`
- **MUST** only be applied to parameters with primitive types (integer, string, boolean).
  Parameters with type `number` are not permitted. Integer values **MUST** be within the

>   safe range for JavaScript (−2<sup>53</sup>+1 to 2<sup>53</sup>−1)

Reviewer: Slight tightening: this is not the safe range for JavaScript but rather the safe range for integers represented using IEEE754 double-precision floating point numbers. Even in languages that have native integers, sometimes JSON parsing libraries will parse to `double` by default, so this is a useful constraint for them also.

Author: Fair point. I will revise.
```suggestion
  Parameters with type `number` are not permitted. Integer values **MUST** be within the
  safe range for integers represented using IEEE754 double-precision floating point numbers (−2<sup>53</sup>+1 to 2<sup>53</sup>−1)
```
